net/sf/colossus/ai/AbstractAI.java:704: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/ai/RationalAI.java:176: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/ai/RationalAI.java:182: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/ai/RationalAI.java:187: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/ai/RationalAI.java:190: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/ai/RationalAI.java:195: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/ai/RationalAI.java:1530: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/ai/SimpleAI.java:586: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/ai/SimpleAI.java:587: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/ai/SimpleAI.java:589: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/ai/SimpleAI.java:637: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/ai/SimpleAI.java:664: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/ai/SimpleAI.java:695: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/ai/SimpleAI.java:703: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/ai/helper/OnTheFlyLegionMove.java:174: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/ai/helper/OnTheFlyLegionMove.java:284: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/ai/helper/OnTheFlyLegionMove.java:284: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/ai/helper/OnTheFlyLegionMove.java:372: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/ai/helper/OnTheFlyLegionMove.java:373: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/ai/helper/OnTheFlyLegionMove.java:389: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/ai/helper/OnTheFlyLegionMove.java:405: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/ai/helper/OnTheFlyLegionMove.java:482: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/ai/helper/OnTheFlyLegionMove.java:482: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/ai/helper/OnTheFlyLegionMove.java:511: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/ai/helper/OnTheFlyLegionMove.java:511: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/ai/helper/OnTheFlyLegionMove.java:617: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/ai/helper/OnTheFlyLegionMove.java:624: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/ai/helper/OnTheFlyLegionMove.java:628: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/appmain/GetPlayers.java:689: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/appmain/GetPlayers.java:693: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/appmain/GetPlayers.java:697: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/appmain/GetPlayers.java:703: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/appmain/GetPlayers.java:707: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/appmain/GetPlayers.java:715: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/appmain/GetPlayers.java:773: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/appmain/GetPlayers.java:777: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/appmain/GetPlayers.java:785: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/appmain/GetPlayers.java:793: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/appmain/GetPlayers.java:794: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/appmain/GetPlayers.java:827: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/appmain/GetPlayers.java:828: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/appmain/GetPlayers.java:891: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/appmain/GetPlayers.java:892: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/appmain/GetPlayers.java:1070: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/appmain/GetPlayers.java:1143: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/client/Client.java:388: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/client/Client.java:3976: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/client/Client.java:3983: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/client/Client.java:3991: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/client/Client.java:3998: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/client/ClientThread.java:382: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/client/ClientThread.java:602: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/client/ClientThread.java:704: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/client/HexMap.java:125: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/client/HexMap.java:131: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/client/HexMap.java:156: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/client/HexMap.java:158: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/client/HexMap.java:185: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/client/HexMap.java:187: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/client/HexMap.java:213: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/client/HexMap.java:217: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/client/HexMap.java:240: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/client/HexMap.java:242: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/client/HexMap.java:262: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/client/HexMap.java:266: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/client/HexMap.java:269: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/client/HexMap.java:271: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/client/HexMap.java:275: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/client/HexMap.java:277: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/client/HexMap.java:280: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/client/HexMap.java:282: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/client/HexMap.java:286: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/client/HexMap.java:288: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/client/HexMap.java:291: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/client/HexMap.java:293: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/game/BattleUnit.java:266: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/game/DiceStatistics.java:85: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/game/DiceTest.java:69: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/game/DiceTest.java:81: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/game/DiceTest.java:93: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/game/DiceTest.java:119: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/game/DiceTest.java:221: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/game/DiceTest.java:225: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/game/DiceTest.java:226: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/game/Movement.java:60: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/game/Phase.java:27: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/game/Player.java:534: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/BattleBoard.java:984: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/BattleBoard.java:988: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/BattleBoard.java:1019: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/BattleBoard.java:1026: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/BattleBoard.java:1030: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/BattleDice.java:170: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/Chit.java:241: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/Chit.java:263: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/Chit.java:289: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/Chit.java:337: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/EventViewer.java:308: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/EventViewer.java:312: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/EventViewer.java:316: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/EventViewer.java:320: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/EventViewer.java:324: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/EventViewer.java:328: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/EventViewer.java:332: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/EventViewer.java:336: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/EventViewer.java:340: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/EventViewer.java:344: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/EventViewer.java:348: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/EventViewer.java:352: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/EventViewer.java:555: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/GUIBattleHex.java:208: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/GUIBattleHex.java:209: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/GUIBattleHex.java:218: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/GUIBattleHex.java:219: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/GUIBattleHex.java:452: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/GUIBattleHex.java:458: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/GUIHex.java:128: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/GUIHex.java:129: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/GUIHex.java:135: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/GUIHex.java:136: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/GUIMasterHex.java:185: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/GUIMasterHex.java:196: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/MasterBoard.java:345: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/MasterBoard.java:1592: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/MasterBoard.java:1595: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/MasterBoard.java:1603: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/MasterBoard.java:1603: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/MasterBoard.java:1621: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/MasterBoard.java:1623: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/MasterBoard.java:1625: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/MasterBoard.java:3414: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/MasterBoard.java:3415: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/MasterBoard.java:3421: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/PickColor.java:68: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/RevealEvent.java:397: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/RevealEvent.java:402: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/StatusScreen.java:141: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/StatusScreen.java:162: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/StatusScreen.java:164: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/StatusScreen.java:170: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/StatusScreen.java:172: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/StatusScreen.java:218: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/StatusScreen.java:220: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/StatusScreen.java:289: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/StatusScreen.java:291: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/StatusScreen.java:293: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/StatusScreen.java:294: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/StatusScreen.java:295: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/StatusScreen.java:296: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/StatusScreen.java:297: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/StatusScreen.java:298: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/StatusScreen.java:299: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/StatusScreen.java:356: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/StatusScreen.java:362: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/StatusScreen.java:366: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/StatusScreen.java:377: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/StatusScreen.java:378: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/StatusScreen.java:379: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/StatusScreen.java:380: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/StatusScreen.java:381: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/StatusScreen.java:382: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/StatusScreen.java:383: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/StatusScreen.java:384: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/gui/StatusScreen.java:385: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/BattlelandRandomizerLoader.java:100: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/BattlelandRandomizerLoader.java:163: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/BattlelandRandomizerLoader.java:256: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/BattlelandRandomizerLoader.java:280: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/BattlelandRandomizerLoader.java:284: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/BattlelandRandomizerLoader.java:286: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/BattlelandRandomizerLoader.java:425: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/BattlelandRandomizerLoader.java:429: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/BattlelandRandomizerLoader.java:449: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/BattlelandRandomizerLoader.java:767: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/BattlelandRandomizerLoader.java:2452: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/BattlelandRandomizerLoader.java:2479: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/BattlelandRandomizerLoader.java:2494: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/BattlelandRandomizerLoader.java:2508: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/BattlelandRandomizerLoader.java:2521: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/BattlelandRandomizerLoader.java:2534: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/BattlelandRandomizerLoader.java:2662: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/BattlelandRandomizerLoader.java:2669: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/BattlelandRandomizerLoader.java:2700: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/BattlelandRandomizerLoader.java:2735: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/BattlelandRandomizerLoaderTokenManager.java:664: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/BattlelandRandomizerLoaderTokenManager.java:786: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/BattlelandRandomizerLoaderTokenManager.java:801: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/BattlelandRandomizerLoaderTokenManager.java:844: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/BattlelandRandomizerLoaderTokenManager.java:847: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/BattlelandRandomizerLoaderTokenManager.java:851: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/BattlelandRandomizerLoaderTokenManager.java:1024: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/BattlelandRandomizerLoaderTokenManager.java:1068: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/BattlelandRandomizerLoaderTokenManager.java:1070: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/BattlelandRandomizerLoaderTokenManager.java:1079: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/BattlelandRandomizerLoaderTokenManager.java:1079: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/BattlelandRandomizerLoaderTokenManager.java:1094: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/ParseException.java:104: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/ParseException.java:107: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/ParseException.java:121: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/ParseException.java:124: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/SimpleCharStream.java:191: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/SimpleCharStream.java:192: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/SimpleCharStream.java:205: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/SimpleCharStream.java:211: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/SimpleCharStream.java:225: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/SimpleCharStream.java:236: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/SimpleCharStream.java:242: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/SimpleCharStream.java:248: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/SimpleCharStream.java:254: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/SimpleCharStream.java:260: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/SimpleCharStream.java:479: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/SimpleCharStream.java:482: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/SimpleCharStream.java:490: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/SimpleCharStream.java:491: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/SimpleCharStream.java:495: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/SimpleCharStream.java:502: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/parser/SimpleCharStream.java:503: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/server/GameServerSide.java:1751: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/server/GameServerSide.java:1856: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/server/GameServerSide.java:3206: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/server/MessageRecorder.java:29: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/server/PlayerSpecificDice.java:49: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/server/PlayerSpecificDice.java:57: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/server/PlayerSpecificDice.java:76: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/server/PlayerSpecificDice.java:77: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/server/PlayerSpecificDice.java:78: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/server/PlayerSpecificDice.java:79: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/tools/BuilderHexMap.java:61: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/tools/BuilderHexMap.java:63: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/tools/BuilderHexMap.java:111: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/tools/BuilderHexMap.java:116: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/tools/BuilderHexMap.java:127: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/tools/BuilderHexMap.java:184: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/tools/BuilderHexMap.java:191: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/tools/ShowBuilderHexMap.java:276: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/tools/ShowBuilderHexMap.java:277: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/tools/ShowBuilderHexMap.java:279: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/tools/ShowBuilderHexMap.java:293: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/tools/ShowBuilderHexMap.java:302: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/tools/ShowBuilderHexMap.java:565: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/util/Glob.java:28: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/util/Glob.java:45: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/util/PermGen.java:55: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/util/PermGen.java:62: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/util/PermGen.java:63: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/util/PermGen.java:64: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/util/PermGen.java:68: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/util/PermGen.java:69: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/util/PermGen.java:73: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/util/PermGen.java:78: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/util/PermGen.java:81: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/util/PermGen.java:81: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/util/PermGen.java:112: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/util/StaticResourceLoader.java:594: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/util/StaticResourceLoader.java:598: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/util/StaticResourceLoader.java:598: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/util/StaticResourceLoader.java:759: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/util/StaticResourceLoader.java:1082: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/BattleHex.java:261: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/BattleHex.java:292: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/BattleHex.java:340: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/BattleHex.java:346: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoard.java:117: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoard.java:133: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoard.java:186: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoard.java:190: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoard.java:196: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoard.java:200: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoard.java:204: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoard.java:208: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoard.java:212: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoard.java:216: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoard.java:236: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoard.java:246: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoard.java:273: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoard.java:277: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoard.java:290: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoard.java:294: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoard.java:302: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoard.java:306: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoard.java:317: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoard.java:321: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoard.java:329: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoard.java:333: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoard.java:354: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoard.java:356: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoard.java:361: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoard.java:366: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoard.java:371: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoard.java:376: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoard.java:381: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoard.java:386: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:104: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:108: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:123: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:124: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:125: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:128: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:129: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:130: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:133: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:134: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:137: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:138: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:139: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:141: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:142: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:143: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:145: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:146: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:147: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:148: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:158: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:160: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:162: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:167: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:169: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:170: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:174: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:176: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:177: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:180: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:182: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:183: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:187: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:189: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:190: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:194: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:196: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:197: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:222: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:224: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:251: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:253: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:278: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:282: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:305: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:307: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:364: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterBoardTerrain.java:372: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterHex.java:92: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterHex.java:142: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterHex.java:147: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterHex.java:152: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterHex.java:158: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterHex.java:163: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterHex.java:168: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterHex.java:173: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/variant/MasterHex.java:179: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/GameTableModel.java:47: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClient.java:1429: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:482: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:511: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:512: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:513: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:514: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:515: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:516: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:523: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:524: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:529: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:530: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:536: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:537: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:543: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:544: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:551: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:552: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:553: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:560: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:561: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:571: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:572: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:573: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:574: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:575: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:582: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:583: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:584: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:590: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:591: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:592: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:593: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:600: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:601: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:602: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:604: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:605: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:606: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:607: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:615: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:616: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:617: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:628: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webclient/WebClientSocketThread.java:800: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webcommon/GameInfo.java:260: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webcommon/GameInfo.java:277: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webcommon/GameInfo.java:278: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webcommon/GameInfo.java:279: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webcommon/GameInfo.java:280: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webcommon/GameInfo.java:281: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webcommon/GameInfo.java:282: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webcommon/GameInfo.java:283: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webcommon/GameInfo.java:284: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webcommon/GameInfo.java:285: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webcommon/GameInfo.java:286: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webcommon/GameInfo.java:287: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webcommon/GameInfo.java:320: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webcommon/GameInfo.java:321: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webcommon/GameInfo.java:322: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webcommon/GameInfo.java:323: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webcommon/GameInfo.java:326: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webcommon/GameInfo.java:332: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:207: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:361: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:362: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:363: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:364: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:365: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:366: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:367: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:368: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:369: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:370: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:402: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:403: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:408: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:409: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:414: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:415: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:420: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:445: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:446: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:447: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:453: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:454: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:460: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:461: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:462: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:463: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:470: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:476: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:482: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:483: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:484: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:489: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:490: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:491: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:523: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:524: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:525: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:526: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:527: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:528: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:529: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:530: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:544: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:545: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:556: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:557: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:579: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:645: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:646: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:647: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/webserver/WebServerClient.java:648: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/xmlparser/BattlelandLoader.java:101: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/xmlparser/StrategicMapLoader.java:74: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/xmlparser/StrategicMapLoader.java:74: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/xmlparser/StrategicMapLoader.java:98: [Termination: ArrayReadOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE125] This array read seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
net/sf/colossus/xmlparser/StrategicMapLoader.java:98: [Termination: ArrayWriteOutOfBoundsWarning - CWE787] This array write seems to occur out of the bounds of the array
